Committee will please come to order and the chair would like to begin this morning by
once more welcoming the guests who have entered the committee room and taking this opportunity
of advising them of the standing committee room.
That in entering the room you come in to comply with the standing rule of the committee,
which is to insist that no members of the audience manifest disapproval or approval
at any time in any way in an audible niche.
And the officers, members of the police have instructions from the chair to politely escort
from the room without further notice anybody violating the conditions under which you entered the room.
In that connection the chair would like to read a short paragraph which appeared in the New York Times
a day or two ago and I call this to the special attention of the officers of the Capitol Police
who have been doing such a splendid job in maintaining order and with a splendid job
in ushering our guests in and seeing it there treated as comfortably as possible.
In this rundown it appeared that I think it was in Saturday mornings issue of the New York Times
speaking of the committee proceedings as well the room is packed daily with about 600 persons present
and all the times and others waiting outside.
Observer's report that better order and decorum has been maintained and in any similar hearing in members
the chair would like to publicly express his appreciation to the Capitol Police for their fine work
in heading up that job and I think it's especially appropriately do so
because after the unfortunate shooting affair in the House of Representatives it seems to me
that Capitol Police came in for an abundance amount of unjustified criticism.
I think consequently it is only further now be given their full share of justified praise
also the audience.
And also I want to express my appreciation to the audience for their splendid cooperation.
The past 15 years I have attended a great many hearings.
Some of them emotionally charged perhaps almost to the point that this one has been.
And I want to appreciate, express my appreciation the fact that there has only been one or two deviations
throughout the hearings from the audience of this committee rules.
Thank you for that.
We have the Stevens back on the chair this morning and we will proceed with the committee business.
Chairman.
And the next.
The Chairman I have to be remade is to address to the chair this morning.
The first is that there is a meeting of the Judicial Committee,
consisting direct of meeting days and only your gender growth considerations
is a veil reported from the subcommittee of which I am the Chair.
I feel impelled therefore as soon as it is possible to secure a form of the Judicial Committee
to attend that session and to present that bill.
May I also suggest Mr. Chairman that tomorrow afternoon the school of law.
He's just a meeting on independent offices of the Appropriations Committee of the Senate.
Will Mark's up the independent offices bill?
This embezzles money for the Veterans Administration of Tennessee's Allure Authority
and the Housing Administration, the atomic energy commission and many others.
That I feel himself the chairman of the circumstances and the cause of the importance of the bill
to be on hand for the market.
And so I shall probably attend myself in these hearings tomorrow afternoon for that session.
The FBI would present this one as chairman's motion, which is its process.
I move as chairman that the testimony of Secretary Stevens will be now concluded.
Or I might modify that to say concluded after the interrogation this morning comes to an end.
And it's my understanding that probably not over an hour of causing contamination remains
and that they are asked to send it to McCarthy, they call the testifying
and the submitter direct and cost examination.
That as the conclusion of Senator McCarthy's testimony examination,
the public hearings will be released yesterday.
That whatever a fictional testimony may be required for many departments to get some investigation,
be taken in executive session.
And I might qualify that as expression that may be a challenge by saying that
it's entirely possible to leave alone.
You might go into executive session for additional testimony.
You might adopt the technique that was employed in the meeting of the prosecutor's hearing
when testimony was made available at the end of every day's session.
Now I submit that to motion chairman because I believe, first of all,
that it comes within the special rule that it has been adopted by this committee
for the conduct of the hearing.
Secondly, I think that I think the testimony of Senator McCarthy will get to the remaining answers
and as much as the answer and the counter-carriage that were filed
has been to the causing witnesses committee,
is a joint document that speaks not only for himself,
but for Mr. Coleman and Mr. Carles, which I feel also, Mr. Chairman,
that a fictional testimony beyond these two principles
whether it's a momentary highly repetitious and only engaged in love with public.
I think the Army Charges thus far has been reasonably well-ventilated.
So this is the matter that the committee has determined in the interest of expeditions
and in the ascertainment of the truth and falsity of the charges that it has before.
I feel impelled by Mr. Chairman to make it happen in the whole
that we can bring these to an expeditions conclusion that the same are determined
of the matters that are pending before the committee.
Chair, Mr. Chairman, is there a second to the motion?
Mr. Carles, I'm about.
I'd like to inquire how the principles or how the chair
inquires the principles of this controversy and their councils
if they have entered into an agreement or constructed
to the motion just made that the Parliamentary inquiry not reaches to the chair
and the chair does not know, can find out from those.
Chair, there's not no, and you will be happy.
I think it's only fair that the principles of this debate or their council
should have an opportunity to express themselves on any proposed changes of procedure
and to avoid them for striking the case.
The question is, is there a difference from the one we had before last week?
I think it's a fair share of the entire committee.
And we will proceed to do so now under the majority of your involvement in this.
This suggestion is just to chair and defend this properly.
To dismiss Mr. Susan Peters, primarily now or at the end of the morning question
as the latest, a few then come before the committee on the open to protect themselves
from as long as the series of questioning as the committee and the council for all sides
and all hands to decide after which the case will be considered before the committee
is brought to the committee to come and give it to the committee and other than
whether this is any due to follow the follow the expected infection
and the public would be given the testimony and the facts are not in the same place
when they are adhering, because I will follow some of the words about the hour
which you may set out to discuss in the notes that rest of the phrase.
I think the McCarthy, the curbs, is ready to hear your reaction to that together.
Mr. President, may I have a question for both of you on behalf of anything that will
start from the hearing so we can extract all of our important things
getting the testimony that is known to the committee to be in defense plan
and government of that's what my objective, that's what a rather short and good.
There's some introductions, the problems that we've all dealt with,
all other hearings until you finish the exacted instructions
or as we can proceed with our investigation of communism on the days
as if you were not holding hearings on transit.
Mr. Chairman, may I apologize to the McCarthy here?
Whether he is referring to the action that was taken by the subcommittee
at one of his first hearings at the regular investigation of the permanent subcommittee
if he's suspended until this conference he had been exposed.
Is that the matter he was referring to?
I just wonder whether or not you embody any emotions on very left.
During these exacted instructions I don't know how long they last.
They may have been held two, three days a week, I don't know how many days a week.
You can do them body in your emotional, that on the days we were not holding hearings.
I'm not sure if we could proceed with the all important matters that are piling up
before the committee when I was properly favored.
If it merely means to continue this inexecutive session,
I don't think I'd be too much in favor of that.
I may say this, I do think, that when Secretary Steven finishes his testimony,
so all the centers at finish cross examining me and counsel
that what we get beyond that point will be repetition.
I know that Mr. Tanksons has interviewed all of the witnesses
to get the both by me, the Mr. Cohen, the Chacar and by the military.
He knows what they were accustomed by too.
I think beyond Steven's and McCarthy it will be repetition.
However, we're going to go into executive session.
The public can't see it and hold one or two sessions a week
and do nothing the other day.
It might hold up our work much longer.
If Senator Dirkton you would provide the if executive sessions are held,
but they'd be held every day until the matter is ended.
I'd deny it was paper.
For if you provided in your motion, that on the days that this committee was not studying on this matter.
As we could proceed, in the matter is as I said,
been piling up the great number of communist and defense plans,
some of the military, we have disturbing reports about
the communist implementation of Army intelligence.
There are many things we must do into this,
but if we are not held up, then I would favor your motion.
The other time is chairman.
I fully share these solicitors who have sent us to McCarthy about it.
The assumption of the regular work of the committee.
However, action on that matter was taken indiscriminately
of anything else and I suppose it ought to be handled
on the basis of an independent motion.
If you're a buddy into power at the work of the committee,
there's not any relation to anything that is relevant to the country,
but it occurred to me that at the earliest possible days
you sent the committee off the resume, which I can aware.
So there have been no reasons we have suggestions.
You have the entire committee here.
There's no reason why you can't incorporate that in your motion.
It's a simple addition and on the days, 11th Saturday or Sunday.
That's the committee is not putting that we resume our old work.
It's awfully important that the question is going proposed.
If you did that good or for if you would provide in your motion
and merely accept the offer made by Mr. Welch,
I accept that. In fact, as you know, I'm going to accept further.
Mr. Welch suggests that we hear Mr. Steven Solay
and then hear McCarthy Folay.
I said I was not only accepting that,
but I was willing to dismiss Steven from the fan,
because I thought we were not getting to him with information.
You have the frame consumed.
You have a new element,
which could prolong the hearing from hold up our work frankly
and definitely unless you provide in the motion.
But the hearings will be held every day until concluded,
or that you provide.
But on the days, we're not telling you the other work.
Frankly, I would have no objection to the inclusion of that item in the motion.
Provided, of course, that the regular work of the committee
that they resumed in every field except where some element
of the present controversy might come into play.
I think that would be only fair of course.
And is my understanding that there is plenty of work on the agenda
to keep the committee busy.
If you mind, I'll keep Mr. Manus from out.
Next, next.
By the fact that the relation to the motion,
the chair has been advised that we've prolonged the investigation
which has been taking place in Alaska for over six months.
It has been issued by the fact that the suspecting
to limitation is running out this month and next on some of the charges.
We suggest that the chair,
the end, can take to the Alaska investigation.
He said no thank you.
We have worked enough on this at once.
And it's fair that it's the real problem.
And I would like to say,
primarily interested in the answer to one question.
That is he wants to be sure that any arrangement that we work on
does not only opinion of the parties to the dispute,
to violence, to justice and equity,
and to follow the interpart and term.
And I want to ask you that question,
and you have a direct answer here, if I can.
And I would like to ask that question,
although other parties to the dispute,
because we want these hearings,
when we finally have a dedicated M to be a dedicated fairly
and effortfully, you feel that the arrangement suggests it by a center of the direct.
With two violence, to your position or the position,
as though the position is working from the standpoint of the principles of equity and gender.
No, sir. I'm talking to Senator McCatman.
Good to see him. Let me just discuss the question.
The other three young men who are involved.
Mr. Chairman, Senator McCatman.
I am not sure if I fully understand some traditional principles,
but we hear secretary Stevens and public sessions,
here are some of the president's public sessions.
And then we go into executive sessions,
and hear other witnesses.
Well, whatever other witnesses they committee may decide to hear,
you know, they'll be destroyed in the next.
That, of course, in the medical, the committee is determined.
May I say this is the first of the suggestions I've been brought to my attention.
After that moment, I can see nothing to begin by a continuation in the executive session.
I think it's you who work with the executive,
well, to the original proposal.
I would go along with that.
I brought two, once we get into executive session,
we can prolong the fall summer,
and never get to the work that we should be doing.
I'm trying to think the public opinion is going to force the committee
to stop these hearings off fairly soon and get back to our work.
This will executive session public opinion cannot operate too well.
As the thunder knows, this is the first step of the engagement of the May to me.
I had, I was under the impression for the news,
or I was going to make an entirely different motion.
That is the secretary of Stevens and I have been heard and pulled.
The violence set off, and I think it will be a great mistake.
It's not that I enjoy going on that stand, you know, this family.
I think it will be a great mistake to conclude the public hearings
without giving the thunderous attempts to cause the government to mean as much to say what they want to do.
But beyond that, if you can come to hearings after Stevens and I have finished,
I would go along with that partly because I may say it's my soul in turn now as it gets back
to the all-important work we're doing.
And as some per month has said, we have a very, I shouldn't say a very rather important matter,
involving alleged fraud, disruption, bribery, and elapsed.
The fact that limitations is about to run out on some of the alleged criminal violations.
I like to get back to that, I like to get back to the communist and defense point.
But in conclusion, under certain, I don't know that you're proposing with these things up.
The party here is there, it has to be a stating call.
Well, if the committee undergoes to get some compensation on a particular party,
give it a hand-todd unless there were a stating call to the effect that certifies testimony,
please be taken in the executive section.
You can schedule a time limit on the number of days or weeks and exacts of such,
if you said I would go along with it.
Well, I would have no objection to a reasonable kind limit,
but I may say that this motion is made entirely on my own responsibility.
And I think all the principles will agree that I have not exploded any further with them,
since the last session we had on money, on last week.
So I'm doing this entirely on my own responsibility,
but why do not know the reaction of the other principles will be?
So I do believe that it can be worked out,
so that the executive section without spending too much time or having too many sessions,
whatever clarifying and supplementing material may be necessary could then be a thing.
Well, quite a farce now, I'll turn here to some of the questions,
whether it's safe time or does not say it's time to share as to a question
which I did not believe you answered.
I'm assuming the person, amendments to the coups,
that you would like to know whether you're speaking for you and your two associates,
would feel that this in any way does violence to justice and equity
and so far as your position and your interest in this case is concerned.
And I have just one little term.
Senator McCarthy is now conferring with his two associates in this matter
and the left was Roy Cohn and the right was to find cars.
It's up to the matter amongst themselves,
though that this is a must-enhanced majority before the end of the month,
to the church and the propose.
And the foreground is with Frederick Bryan, the council,
from a state-of-pronged ten-fold, the Assistant Secretary of Defense.
And he too will be consulted on this matter.
The Assistant Secretary of Defense, on the left was Fred Jenkins,
and the Secretary of Defense, Senator M. Wright,
and the problem, and the timing of the Assistant Secretary of Defense.
The three Democrats, these three Democratic members,
have been sent to the state as they do not approve of this move
to negotiate the hearings in this action by limiting the testimony
in public, simply sent to the Secretary of Defense.
We're going to get it to the Secretary of Defense.
Senator McCarthy, to answer your questions,
as the shareholders were not brought by me,
they were brought to Mr. Seas with the head of them.
As the shareholders, they had planned,
they brought them to call off the hearings,
they were successful in doing this.
I don't want to give Mr. Seas any more statement
to along the hearings in death of them.
At this point, I say I'm ready to prepare for good and expected discussions.
We may continue in death in a place,
because one Secretary Seas has been trying to finish specifying
whatever comes after that will be reputitioned.
We can continue that reputition all somewhere along next summer.
I believe that many of these senators,
I hope, are smarting under the pressure of public,
pressure to get the focus about sign chooses to hold off.
I would, I would, as long as I do, have viewing for the chairman
I would prefer as they be in public.
You have not answered my question.
Now that's the one third time, if you will answer,
it will be helpful, if you won't answer it, I can't tell you.
The U.C.U. that working out an arrangement along the line
is suggested by Congressman Amman,
for tracking the hearings.
And essentially, just continuing them with the testimony of Secretary Seas
and Senator McCartney, except for such cooperating differences
that he thinks the committee might want to call the Secretary session.
Do you think that would do violence to justice and equity
in the foreign investigation is concerned?
Is the chair is primarily interested in having this thing done
effortlessly and stuff?
And if we can work out with negotiations or arbitration or emotions,
something for tracking the hearings, it will not be sufficient
that goal of the chair with just use the foot.
To define the other hands and use the foot because it is useless.
There is no hope that he does, as a fairies,
as I am concerned, that he is chair at the end time, not for the foot.
No matter if you have direct question now.
Chairman, if we do no violence,
do justice and equity insofar as the issues here are concerned.
Unless there are some assurance, however,
that the executive section should be terminated
within a reasonable length of time.
If we do grave violence,
do the justice insofar as holding up the committee's work distance.
I want to get back to the $100, $130, I believe, my staff tells me,
that if I am coming into the day or in the sense plan,
I will get back to the last and situation.
Now, if you are proposal,
answering your directly will do no injustice, no violence,
a justice.
Insofar as a way to get to the missing state is not concerned.
Thanks.
But I have one further concern by me for being over and over.
And that is that there is something in the center of his motion,
the center of his motion, which will limit himself.
So we want to, in executive section,
one may or least two days of each until next fall,
and with all the important work that is made finally up.
I think that some direction shifts,
but some limiting cause and his motion is going to be much more acceptable to me,
although I am not going on it.
And I hope to be more acceptable to the center of his career.
Good, Chairman.
I don't think that the suggestion is on rings to vote.
I think there is point in it,
and it is a matter that is going to be.
Mr. Well, in line with the general line of inquiry,
I would like to thank Mr. Welles for his kind of inquiry.
He definitely bested him a talent.
And he referred to my colleague,
who is a center of my strategy,
and I do say his speaks to the number of his employees now.
For I, Christopher, he is the first speaker in justice,
I recognize he is one for vote.
I will speak first to Chairman if I may.
And I will direct my first two answers to what I understood
in two separate inquiries by Senator McClellum.
First inquiry, if I understood incorrectly,
the army of ring of this proposition,
prior to its speech presented here this morning,
the answer to Senator McClellum to that question is in the negative.
The next question is,
does Senator Dirk some small issue acceptable to the army,
to Mr. Stevens and to the dread?
The answer to that question is in the negative.
And he asked me the same question, Mr. Welles,
or Mr. Dirk, that I have some of my questions.
Do you feel that a suggestion as made by Senator Dirk,
would do violence to justice and equity in so far as you,
as your client's like today,
is the violence of your client in this country that he has been sent?
Yes, that's the only thing I'm proud of,
if I think it's what do violence to justice and equity?
Does that mean that you feel that any change of deliverance
in the direction of shortening the green,
would you say it's violence?
Or if it's simply a gift to the proposal made by Senator Dirk?
I do not say that any move to shortly hearing is hopeless,
but I do say as I have constantly said last week and now this week,
that we must hear the principles in this case.
First, that collateral witnesses as are obviously necessary,
either to support or subtract from the testimony given by those principles.
The names of the principles are familiar to everyone.
They are Adams, Mr. Senator McCarthy, Mr. Colme,
and Mr. Carth.
Oh, may I say that for that being completely welcome?
May I inspire further to further the talk so that the record will be completely clear
whether it is suggesting that the hearings continue until at least all those people
who knew have named or heard,
you are representing the position of Mr. Stevens, Mr. Adams,
or the Army or whoever you consider to be your client.
You speak with their approval and the story was talking about
continuing the public hearings until we explore completely
as a minds of the witnesses here,
I did not say what I have said without infirmity,
with Mr. Stevens, Secretary Stevens, and Mr. Adams, of course,
they authorized to say what I have said.
I expected that, but I want to have to be in the record for a new move.
Mr. Brown, could I ask Mr. Brown for a favor?
I ask Mr. Brown for a favor.
Yes, Mr. Brown, may I state this, Mr. Chairman?
This is the 15th day of the hearings.
As far as I am concerned, I have heard nothing during these 15 days
that involve the system secretary of the French Council in this situation.
I have stated to this committee before that the so-called
Hensel-Matter is entirely collateral to and not a part of this controversy at all.
As far as Mr. Hensel is concerned, therefore,
Mr. Hensel has no objection to any reasonable shortcomings
the hearings in the public interest.
However, if there is at any point,
does the morning directed at Mr. Hensel, then I feel very strong
that Mr. Hensel should have the right to answer that does the morning
in the same sort of form in which it was given, namely,
the public forum for the Board is submitted.
Let me ask you, Mr. Brown, please supposing that Mr. Hensel is not
brought in to the country of Rati and foreign testimonies
by either Mr. Stevens and his concluding testimony
or by Senator Matrivy and his testimony should be arranged
that the post-resent seduction prevail.
And you then feel that following the formula
which you heard from the seduction described within any way
due violence, adjusted in equity and survival is your client.
I would feel, Mr. Chairman, that under the circumstances
you describe, some of the seduction suggestion
would do no violence, the justice in equity, in so far as my clients
was concerned. Thank you, sir.
Mr. Brown.
Yes. And the panel.
As a result of the conversation this morning that has evidence
that there's a great deal of divergence of views
concerning how the hearings shall take place
and hear from your own.
I share the views of Senator Stanton,
and I think all members of the committee,
that we should conclude the hearings as soon as possible,
recognizing the fact that all members of the committee
and I'm sure all members of the board are anxious
and desires of having the full past, present.
Now, I would like to make this a huge suggestion.
One suggestion would be that,
in order to the testimony of Mr. Stanton,
that he probably has given the full Army case.
The Army, the wrong, has just something that he would have to win.
But it would seem to me that a thorough examination
of Mr. Attick would be 90% of the repetition
of the testimony of Mr. Stanton.
I would like to make this a suggestion,
and Mr. Buren, of course, Mr. Stanton's testimony,
he's kept the size sometimes time when a, for another witness,
to testify on a point of testimony,
that's the snake, and they're possibly,
that during the interrogation of Senator McCart,
that same particular of the fault.
And I am, certainly convinced that,
possibly with the exception of a few minor points,
that the conclusion of Senator McCart's testimony
that the full story will be told.
Now, I want to reinforce that,
that this committee is not considered
in the white box of any sort.
And I'm sure that, as a result of,
that the hearings will conclude,
so that no person can accuse the committee
of white walking the case.
But I do want to provide the fact that,
as a committee, we have a such responsibility to eliminate all the,
as much repetition as possible,
and to the weekings,
to include these hearings, the satisfaction of the public,
to get on with our more important work.
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I would suggest that you contact
the all the principles and the case,
and the ranges for an executive meeting of the committee,
either at the Illinois or at the conclusion of our hearings tonight,
so that we can have a destined plan
as to our hearings,
while we'll carry on from the committee.
And Chair Stainer, he has gotten followed up.
Mr. Chairman, let me make it to just,
just quite a little bit, as far as not only much
the committee resolved with this issue,
but it's the responsibility of the committee to resolve these.
It's the current practice with Senate committees to be done,
how much or how little testimony they're going to take,
by way of ventilation of piece of legislation or an issue.
And so I make a suggestion, Mr. Chairman,
that we have an executive meeting of this committee
at one thirty-day for the purpose of resolving it,
at which time I'll present the motion,
maybe present it in the resign for,
but at that time we can vote it,
so that if the motion is made,
and there is a text,
it then comes on for action.
Mr. Chair, I understand that,
for the time being,
you are withdrawing the motion,
which up to now is not that the second.
All right, if there is a agreement,
that's going to be a second.
We have an executive meeting of one thirty-day.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman,
do I understand that this is going to do is now withdrawing the motion he made.
So by the time this is my intention,
it's in turn.
He has asked for an executive session to be held at one thirty-
one thirty-
and the second.
I have no objection to holding an executive session to discuss,
not only this, but both motion and I,
and it's a proposed motion now,
that's just gone,
to discuss it,
and that's it for many,
get each other's views,
and the take to resolve,
if possible,
for the creation that is focused.
Thank you.